1. What is Validation in Client Side Programming? 
Ans: 1) The user input validation that takes place on the client side is called client-side validation. 
     2) Scripting languages such as JavaScript and VBScript are used for client-side validation. 
     3) In this kind of validation, all the user input validation is done in user’s browser only.

2. What are the advantages of performing Validations?
Ans: 1) It ensures all expectations are met.
     2) It improves the reliability of the of the end-product.
     3) It helps to take corrective measures to avoid any mismatch between the expected and actual results.
     4) It saves load on the server - more work is done on the client side.

3. What is querystring in URL?
Ans: A query string is the portion of a URL where data is passed to a web application or back-end database. The query string is whatever follows the question mark sign ("?")

4. What is <input type="hidden"  />  ? Why do we use?
Ans: The <input type="hidden"> defines a hidden input field. A hidden field lets web developers include data that cannot be seen or modified by users when a form is submitted. A hidden field often stores what database record that needs to be updated when the form is submitted. Hidden fields are used to pass information about the current page to the server. For example, if a user fills out an enquiry form, we may want to obtain their IP address using a snippet of PHP. We may also want to grab the URL of the referring page. You can see this in action in our code sample; the form captures the information, but does not display it. Hidden fields allow us to send all kinds of information along with a form message, without the user having to be involved in the process. Hidden fields can also be used to pass information back to scripts. This may include security tokens, or the name of the relevant row in the database. The user does not need to see this data, but it is passed back to the server on submission so that scripts function correctly behind the scenes.

